# Disclaimer

These disclaimers and disclosures apply to all websites, social media accounts or other media maintained by the authors and operators of the Superbolt (collectively, the “**Platform**“) and to all information and material published or posted thereon. Before interacting with the Platform or making any decision in connection with Superbolt, please carefully review these disclaimers and the open-source code of the relevant software. Use the Platform only at your own risk, and do not rely on the Superbolt Litepaper or any information provided by the authors or operators of Superbolt, or any individuals connected therewith (collectively, the “**Superbolt personnel**“) for making any decisions.

When referencing a platform token within this disclaimer, any issued LP token, platform token $SUPER, or staked token $xSUPER, $veSUPER is included.
The smart-contracts will be closed source until a full external code audit has been fulfilled. Afterwards the contracts will be released as open-source for anybody to review.

**Information only.** The information provided by Superbolt personnel is strictly for informational purposes only and is not, nor should it be construed as, investment advice of any kind. None of the information is, nor should it be construed as, an inducement or solicitation to buy or sell any particular product or make any other decision. Any decisions you make are solely at your own risk and should be based on your independent research and consultation with professionals.

**No warranty.** Although it has been prepared in good faith, the information is not necessarily complete, comprehensive, accurate or up-to-date, and there is no obligation on any person to make it so. The information may be updated or amended at any time without notification. The information is provided “as is”, that is without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind.

**No liability.** Superbolt personnel do not accept liability for any loss or damage, including, without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, arising out of or in connection with the use of the Platform or any related platform tokens.

**No legal obligations.** The Superbolt source code or “smart contracts” do not constitute or give rise to legally binding contracts in relation to any platform token. As such, no platform token will constitute or represent legal obligations of any kind of any person. On this basis, holders of any platform token will have no legally enforceable rights, claims or entitlements against any person.
No ongoing management. Consistent with the ethos of community governance embodied by decentralised finance, following the launch of the Platform, neither Superbolt Personnel, nor any service providers, should be expected or relied upon to have a material ongoing role in the development or maintenance of the Superbolt platform.

**Use of funds.** No representation or assurance is given that any funds raised in connection with the Platform or the issue of any platform token will be used or held in any particular way, or for the benefit of the Superbolt community.

**No partnership.** Neither the establishment of the Platform, the issue of any platform token, nor any related arrangements should be deemed to give rise to any partnership or joint venture between any of the parties.

**Technological risk.** The technologies used in connection with the Platform are highly experimental and evolving. They are subject to many risks including, but not limited to, hacking attacks. The open-source code should be reviewed by an expert in such technologies, and you should use them solely at your own risk.

**Volatile prices.** The assets generated by the Platform are subject to potentially volatile price moves and investors should be prepared to lose all of the capital invested.
